[Autogenerated] all right.
Time for a recap in his module.
You learn how to insert,
update and move documents using the Mongo template class.
We looked at single operations and at batch operations as well.
Then you learn about the difference between safe
and insert the subtle difference.
But save there's a lot of things under the hood.
There are a lot of developers who use seven insert interchangeably,
but I highly recommend that you make things as expected.
It's possible,
and yours insert when you want to quit document and
save when you want to update them.
And last but not least, we looked at how to create custom converters.
Spring makes it very easy for us tow adding custom
time mapping between Java and Mongo.
We have to implement the converter interface, and then we have to create a writ.
Converter are right.
Converter and register are being in any configuration class.
We've been using mongo template a lot,
and Monk a template is just amazing because he has a lot of flexibility.
We can execute complex queries.
We can insert a bit in three documents in various ways,
and we can even manipulate collections.
But great flexibility, usually comes at a price.
And for Mogo template, that price is type safety.
I bet you noticed that when we are defining our queries,
the name of the fields are plain old strings,
and that's very, very error prone.
Luckily for us, there is a better way,
too right most of our queries using mongo repositories and with that report stories in the next module.